Add e2e tests for backup and restore with heptio ark (#1542)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/backup-restore-e2e/README.md

> # Backup/Restore e2e tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# End-to-end backup and restore tests
```

## Overview

> This project contains end-to-end tests for backup & restore of resources related to kyma's environments (namespaces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains end-to-end backup and restore tests for resources related to Kyma Environments.
```

## Usage

> Example usage to run backup phase tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example usage of running backup phase tests:
```

```bash
go test -run Backup --kubeconfig $KUBECONFIG --namespace test
```

> It will create namespace `test` with several resources (service instances/bindings depends on selected brokers for test) and will create 2 backups: `test-re` (containing cluster scoped resources: RemoteEnvironments) and `test-ns` (containing namespace scoped resources). Backup prefix will always contain namespace name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test creates a `test` Namespace with several resources, such as Service Instances or bindings, which depends on brokers selected for the test. It also creates two backups: `test-re`, which contains cluster-scoped  RemoteEnvironments, and `test-ns`, which contains Namespace-scoped resources. Backup prefix always contains the name of the Namespace.
```

> Example usage to run restore phase tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 See the example usage of running restore phase tests:
```

```bash
go test -run Backup --kubeconfig $KUBECONFIG --namespace test
```

> It will look for 2 backups `test-re` and `test-ns` (backup name prefix is always name of namespace) and restore them into k8s cluster and check service instantes/bindings for defined time. If service instances/bindings won't get ready phase the test will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test looks for `test-re` and `test-ns` backups and restores them into a Kubernetes cluster. It also checks Service Instances or bindings for a defined time. If Service Instances or bindings do not reach the `ready` phase, the test fails.

>**NOTE:** The backup name prefix is always the same as the name of the Namespace. 
```

Author: done

# End-to-end backup and restore tests

## Overview

This project contains end-to-end backup and restore tests for resources related to Kyma Environments.

## Usage

See the example usage of running backup phase tests:

```bash
go test -run Backup --kubeconfig $KUBECONFIG --namespace test
```

> This test creates a `test` Namespace with several resources, such as Service Instances or bindings, which depends on brokers selected for the test. It also creates two backups: `test-re`, which contains cluster-scoped  RemoteEnvironments, and `test-ns`, which contains Namespace-scoped resources. Backup prefix always contains the name of the Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test creates a `test` Namespace with several resources, such as Service Instances or bindings, which depends on brokers selected for the test. It also creates two backups: `test-re`, which contains cluster-scoped  RemoteEnvironments, and `test-ns`, which contains Namespace-scoped resources. The backup prefix always contains the name of the Namespace.
```
